- [Instructor] This course requires you to have
basic knowledge of Java programming.
If you want to learn Java,
there are several courses available on LinkedIn Learning.
This course uses Spring Boot application framework
to create the Java application, but you're welcome to use
any other framework of your choice.
You only need to know about Spring Boot
if you want to tweak the existing application.
A prior knowledge of Docker and containers
would be very helpful, however it's not necessary,
as this course provides a sufficient introduction.
If you're looking for more details,
then you can refer to my course
on Docker for Java developers,
also available on LinkedIn Learning.
You need to know basic Shell programming.
We use a lot of commands in the Shell.
This course was built on macOS,
and so all the commands are OSX friendly.
For example, software is installed using BLUE,
which is a packet manager for macOS.
You'll need to either find a corresponding
packet manager in Windows,
or download the releases from the corresponding tools
get have website.
It does not require you
to have any prior knowledge of Kubernetes.